<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/67b7a527c9f842fd3b02adb8/train/python target="_blank">[BUG] XCOM-409: Flight distance of Interceptor planes is miscalculated</a></h2><h3>8 kyu</h3><p>You are an intern working in the software development department of the X-COM agency, responsible for fighting off a large-scale invasion of extraterrestrials. Your task for today is described with the bug report below:</p><hr><h2 id="bug-xcom-409-flight-distance-of-interceptor-planes-is-miscalculated">[BUG] XCOM-409: Flight distance of Interceptor planes is miscalculated</h2><p><strong>Type:</strong>      Bug 🪳<br><strong>Priority:</strong>  Major<br><strong>Component:</strong> Operational Logistics Software<br><strong>Reporter:</strong>  <code>maverick</code><br><strong>Assignee:</strong>  <em>Assigned to you</em></p><hr><h3 id="bug-description">Bug Description</h3><p>Pilots have reported discrepancies in their flight logs after returning from interception missions. The <strong>travel distance</strong> logged in the logistics software does not match actual flight paths, potentially leading to incorrect fuel calculations and errors in planning of future missions.</p><h3 id="steps-to-reproduce">Steps to Reproduce</h3><ol><li>Deploy an interceptor to engage a UFO.  </li><li>Upon its return, note the average speed (given in <strong>knots</strong>) and travel time (in <strong>minutes</strong>) reported by onboard instruments.  </li><li>Enter the values into the Logistics and Planning System.</li><li>Expected result: The system should correctly compute the <strong>distance in kilometers</strong>.  </li><li>Actual result: The logged distance appears <strong>inaccurate</strong>.</li></ol><h3 id="impact">Impact</h3><p>If not fixed, this could cause interceptors to <strong>run out of fuel mid-mission</strong>, leaving Earth vulnerable to alien attacks. On the other hand, if the system <strong>overestimates travel distance</strong>, interceptors may be <strong>overfueled</strong>, making them heavier than necessary. This reduces <strong>maneuverability</strong>, increases <strong>takeoff time</strong>, and could put pilots at a disadvantage during high-speed engagements with alien craft.  </p><p>The Flight Operations team has requested an immediate fix.  </p><h3 id="task">Task</h3><p>Investigate and fix the bug in the travel distance calculation function.</p><hr><p>Once this ticket is resolved, you can pick another open ticket from the <a href="https://www.codewars.com/collections/xcom-backlog" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">backlog</a>. </p>